Apollo 13 -- Houston, we have a problem
Forrest Gump -- Mama always said, life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you are going to get.
A Few Good Men -- You cant handle the truth.
A Shot In The Dark -- I believe everything and I believe nothing
Dirty Dancing -- Nobody puts Baby in the corner.
Jerry Maguire -- Show me the money.
Jerry Maguire -- You had me at hello.
Casablanca -- Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Star Wars -- May the Force be with you.
Star Wars -- Chewie, we're home.
Star Wars -- Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Lord Of The Rings -- You shall not pass.
Dr No -- My name is Bond. James Bond
Braveheart -- They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom.
Finding Nemo -- Just keep swimming.
The Terminator -- I'll be back.
The Terminator -- Hasta la vista, Baby!
The Avengers -- Avengers assemble.
Matrix Reloaded -- Mr.Anderson. Surprised to see me?
Dead Poets Society -- Oh Captain, my Captain.
Dead Poets Society -- Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys.
The Devil Wears Prada -- I am just one stomach flu away from my goal weight.
Snow White And The Huntsman -- Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?
Rocky -- Yo, Adrian
The Karate Kid -- Wax on, wax off.
Transformers -- Come on, Decepticon punk.
Transformers -- It's you and me, Megatron.
12 Years A Slave -- I don't want to survive. I want to live.
Titanic -- I'm the king of the world!
The Silence Of The Lambs -- I'm having and old frined for dinner.
Gone With The Wind -- After all, tomorrow is another day.
Gone With The Wind -- Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
The Godfather -- Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
The Godfather -- I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
The Godfather -- Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.
The Dark Night -- Why so serious?
Taxi Driver -- You talkin' to me?
The Lord Of The Rings -- My precious.
The Hunger Games -- I volunteer! I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!
